All right, I think this is the 10th
episode, Lonnie. I believe it's the 10th
episode of Lonnie and Ryan podcast. And
today we have a special guest,
Cassandra. No, Cassandra. I said it
wrong.
>> No,
>> Cassandra. I said it wrong.
>> You blew it. I feel like we should
re-record the opening. You blew it so
bad.
>> That's No, I like it. I like it that
way.
>> I swear that was an accident.
>> She says it the fancy way, Ryan. And
it's Cassandra.
>> Cassandra. Yeah.
>> Cassandra.
>> Cassandra. Midnight Modern. So, thank
you for uh joining us today. And um if
you wouldn't mind maybe just kind of
introducing what you do and uh what your
channel's about.
>> Okay. Yeah. So, um I guess Sandra
Solden, uh I'm a mom, a full-time
reseller with my husband. We do this all
by ourselves full-time supporting the
fam by doing it. Um, and I started doing
YouTube about what, a year and a half
ago or so now. And I love it. Love it. I
have no idea really what I'm doing with
it, per se. I know it's about reselling
because it's my life, you know, but I'm
just having fun with it. I don't I have
the days where I'm like, I want to be
educational and then I have days where
I'm like, I want to go thrifting. So, I
just kind of keep throwing spaghetti at
the wall and seeing if it sticks. And
I'm just kind of I don't know, having
fun. I don't know. Let let me tell you
how we found you because I don't think I
told you this yet. I was going to save
it for the pod.
>> I was driving to work one day. This was
a couple weeks ago. And my wife texted
me
this YouTube link and it was
the ten commandments of reselling. She's
like, "Check this girl out." I'm like,
"What? That was random." Okay. And my my
wife never sends me like any YouTube
links or reselling links or anything
like that. Love her. Love her.
>> So, I clicked on it and I watched it.
I'm like, who is this girl? Like,
instantly I could see
>> and I'll gas you up a little bit here.
You have a lot of talent. You have a lot
a lot of talent.
>> Thank you.
>> Your videos are great. Your videos are
great. And I was like,
>> I got to find out who this girl is. So,
I started watching some of your videos.
I sent your channel to Lonnie and we're
like, we got to have her on. So,
>> Well, thank you. I know. I was like
surprised. I was like, I'm small
potatoes.
You guys are having like, you know,
Kevin and the Craigslist. I was like,
I'm over here just like this little tiny
potato. So, thank you. I appreciate it.
>> No problem.
>> Well, that that that's kind of what
we're doing here, though. Cassandra.
Cassandra. I have to My mother's name my
mother's name is Sand Sandra. So, I have
to be careful.
>> It's okay if you mess it up. I accept
you.
>> But that that's kind of what we're doing
here. or what we're trying to do here is
we want to bring in like the Craigslist
hunters the Craigslist Hunter type
episodes are there to benefit us
>> and the like this episode right here and
hot lunch ep hot lunch reselling episode
rev resell episode we want to like find
>> somewhat smaller creators that we think
need to have a bigger light shed shed on
them. Um, and we we think we can do that
here. And we we can't we can't
necessarily change what people do or
what kind of videos people make, but we
can choose who we want to highlight
here. And that's
>> Yeah.
>> And and we've both had that kind of help
for us in the past. And um yeah, so
that's why we're bringing you on here.
We want to help help your channel grow
and help people um
>> learn who Cassandra is and get
introduced to your channel. I appreciate
that very very much. It's I actually was
just like I had a few videos out and I
think it was um the Justin Resells. He
posted like a like a post on his
YouTube. He was like, "Yeah, you guys
should check out this video." And then
it just like blew up super quick. So I
got like monetized really fast. Okay.
>> Yeah. And then after that it kind of
like my I had like a seven phases of
being a reseller video and that blew up
and then it just kind of like died out
after that. Then I had another one blow
up and then it died out after that. But
that's part of YouTube, you know, it's
part of the growth. It's part of the you
have your banging videos and then you
have your ones it's like ah, you know,
500, couple thousand views, you know,
kind of thing. So, just got to keep
hitting it,
>> Ryan. You gonna ask her because I don't
I don't want to steal your question. Go
ahead and ask her.
>> If that's your question, go ahead.
>> No, I don't. No, I No, I want you to
ask.
>> Ask me anything.
>> I want to know.
>> Is this the first time you've ever done
anything with social media? Like
YouTube? What?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So like I just had my own
personal like thing when I was in high
school. Um I did do uh digital media
arts. So I wanted to be a radio DJ and I
was an intern at a radio station. Yeah,
I can talk. I have the gift of gab. My
nickname was lips, you know, like I
>> I know. Not a good one. I don't know. I
don't think that aged well. But like
>> Lonnie thought Lonnie thought maybe you
were a news anchor.
>> No. No. And I didn't even do radio per
se. I just was an intern and I liked it.
I did um digital media arts in school,
you know, like media and stuff and
>> yeah, I just I don't know. I've always
had that like
>> natural uh personality for it. So, I was
just like, I feel like I need to do
this. My husband's like, you need to do
it. He's like,
>> you need to do it. So, yeah, I'm doing
it.
>> Wow. I I'm blown away. I was like 100%
certain that you were either an ex radio
DJ or maybe even on like local news as
like an anchor or something like that.
>> So, no, you don't have any kind of
broadcast experience or anything.
>> Nope. It's other than like learning it
in high school. Like I learned like how
to read a teleprompter and like that
sort of stuff, but I don't read a
teleprompter or anything. If I have a
teleprompter in front of me, I just I
look like a zombie. I can't do it. I
can't do chat GBT, you know? I can't I
can't have it scripted for me or I lose
all personality. So, I tried that for a
couple videos and I was like, uh, so
yeah, I mean, it's some of the most
natural talent for YouTube I've ever
seen in my life.
>> I appreciate it.
>> Hopefully that uh that comes with a lot
of uh money in my future.
>> Hello.
the the only way
>> you won't quit,
>> right?
>> That's the that's the only way it won't
is if if you quit, it won't happen.
>> As someone like you with your with your
talent, um as long as you don't quit,
it's you're going to be successful with
this.
>> There's absolutely no question in my
mind whatsoever.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know, something that's funny is
I was watching your latest video that
you put out today, actually.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And I got I got I got excited for you
because at the very end you said
>> because Oh, by the way, congratulations.
You're pregnant.
>> Thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah.
>> You said at the very end you said, you
know, I'm I'm tired. You know, I'm
pregnant, but I'm going to keep
grinding. I'm going to keep going after
this. I'm going to keep uploading. I'm
going to keep making videos. And I was
like, yes, that's all you need to do.
That's all you need to do.
>> Yeah. It's exhausting, you know, and and
that's the thing about like YouTube is
like
>> I've I knew it was going to be hard and
I knew it was going to be a hustle and I
mean that's we're we do reselling. I
mean that's pretty much the same
concept, right? But it's that uh
emotional thing too where it's like oh
this video only did like 200 300 and it
it does take an emotional blow to you
naturally whether you like it or not.
And you know that was kind of the
biggest hurdle I had. But then there was
just like a day where I was like who
cares? Like it's going to it's going to
happen. It's natural. And I started
hitting social media now, too. And you
know, I had one post blow up where
people didn't like me very much. So,
>> Oh, that's really what you want. But I
was like, "This is great. I got I got 4
million views." So, I was like, "Okay,
>> wait, wait. You got What was that on?"
>> 4 million views.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I'm still not monetized
on Facebook. And I'm like,
>> um, but it was a there was I was at
Goodwill and there was this chair. It
was like a old like it was a beautiful
chair, but if you got up close, the
hands and the back of the head were like
caked like that thick with like body
scum. And I made a video saying
>> Yeah. And I made a video saying like,
"Goodwill, you probably shouldn't sell
this for sanitary reasons." Like, not
>> I I totally understand reupholstering
and all that. Like, I'm a I'm an artsy
girl. Like, I get it. But it was
disgusting. Like, it was like It's like
selling pants with poop in them, you
know? It was just gross. And yeah, and
people were so mad at me. Like I mean I
didn't think there was one positive
comment in any of it. It was
>> they were mad
>> for you calling out Goodwill.
>> They were saying like I don't understand
like how to reupholster and you know
like oh people can't afford things. So
you know like that's what you have to do
to be able to get something you know
vintage and like I understand their
concept. I I get it. But it was like it
was gross. It was like you could smell
it you know. Was it a video that you
uploaded or a photo or what?
>> Video. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh my gosh. And you said it got 4
million.
>> Yeah. Views. Yeah. Yeah. And like
>> crazy.
>> Insane amount of like likes and
comments. I mean thousands and thousands
of comments weren't monetized.
>> Yes. I know. That would have been so
much money,
>> man. Do you want Look, I'm going to show
you. I had one pop off
>> a little just a short reel pop off on
Facebook. I am monetized there.
>> Yeah.
>> And it got like a tenth of what you're
talking about.
>> So this is So like
>> Oh my gosh. Are you kidding me?
>> So you can probably multi So like I'm
And I shouldn't have told I'm making you
feel worse.
>> No. No, you're not. It's It's making me
need to post more videos that make
people angry.
>> That's right.
>> That's right. Facebook's a rage bait
machine.
>> It's weird. It's not like that on
Instagram. Instagram is really happy and
people are pretty chill. Facebook is
like if it's if people are angry or they
have something to say, that's the stuff
that takes off. And I don't it's so
weird. Like I don't do Tik Tok because I
did Tik Tok for a very short period of
time and people were just all mean. Like
there was really no like
>> no like connection on Tik Tok for for me
at least. It just wasn't and it was all
like resellers or pieces of crap, you
know? It was just a lot of
>> it was too negative. I don't I don't
like that. I'm a lady. I have emotions.
>> Let me ask you this. I I was gonna ask
you, do you care,
>> but you just said you do,
>> right?
>> But like, what would it matter
if you upload because you make shorts
because I saw I looked at your YouTube
channel. You got you have a ton of
shorts.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I started I slowed down on
YouTube once. Um, but I I hit Facebook
and Instagram really hard. Like every
day multiple.
>> Nice. So, like what would the difference
be like if you did like let's say you
went ahead and uploaded Tik Tok anyways?
>> Yeah.
>> And then you never looked at the
comments ever. You didn't even look at
them. Like what would the difference be?
>> Um like with that one like it really
wouldn't. And that's like with the chair
one. I could tell right away like I I
went from like 300 followers like I just
started doing Facebook aggressively at
the start of the year and I think I'm at
like just over 2,000 2.3,000 followers
or something. So it's nothing crazy.
like I just started and I went from like
a couple hundred to like 1,200 overnight
and I was like what happened? You know,
and that's what made me realize cuz I
don't have any notifications on my
phone. The only notifications I get are
phone calls, text messages, and eBay
Poshmark sales. That's it. Unless it's
business or personal. Oh, yeah. Nothing.
Like literally nothing.
>> Yep.
>> So, um like my husband has to tell me
like, "Oh, this happened or whatever
because I don't know what's going on."
Even depot, I'm like, I don't care about
your, you know, not real offers, you
know? Uh,
>> that's really smart. Wow.
>> Yeah. So, like with the comments on the
chair one, I saw quickly that they were
negative and I never really went back to
it. Like I just didn't, you know, I and
I and I know like I feel like maybe the
reason I'm not monetized on Facebook is
I don't really comment or engage too
much because it's like I have very
minimal amount though.
>> How long I've started doing Facebook?
>> Yeah. like the start of the year. Like
it's super fresh. It's super fresh. But
you know, you see Yeah. I'm hoping
because I've seen like um a few other,
you know, youtuby Instagramy people
started doing Facebook and they're
already monetized and they've got like
500 followers and like no real
engagement. And I'm like, how is that?
>> Ryan just started. Ryan just started
>> Yeah. I started
>> 8,000 followers already, don't you?
>> Yeah. I started Facebook in November.
>> I got monetized in January and I
>> Yeah. I think when I got monetized I had
4,000. Three or four.
>> Okay. Okay. So, I'm close. I'm like
>> Yeah, you'll get it soon.
>> Three or something. 2.2. Yeah. But I'm
hoping for it because I Man, I want to
get on that roller coaster while the
money's coming in.
>> It's fun. It's fun.
>> Yeah.
>> I like that.
I I don't see how they have enough money
because like like you said, they
>> they've been paying like I've been
seeing so many people talk about how
they're getting monetization. So,
they're rolling it out obviously to a
lot of people right now.
>> Where is all this money coming from?
It's insane. Like, you could just post a
picture of of something and then
>> you make like 50 bucks or 100 bucks on
it. I mean, it's crazy, y'all.
>> It's Yeah. Like Harry keeps posting like
all of the things all the money he's
making off like his little like Ray-B
band videos. Like they're so simple.
It's so Or like a picture of like, oh, I
do 401k and he made hundreds of B. Like
it's it's crazy. Like it's just so I'm
like I got to get on it now because if I
don't it's it's there's no way this can
continue. There's literally no way. Like
I don't see how it's possible that
they're even doing it now.
>> It feels that way. But then again,
our attention and like people that
follow us, their attention like that is
the number one thing we have for them
like you know as far as their their
economy is concerned. So maybe it can
maybe we've just been getting screwed
all these years.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's like the
biggest currency right nowadays. It's
not it's it's people's attention. Like
that's what pays, you know, tracking the
analytics of how people perform and do
things and that way you can manipulate
them into buying stuff and like I can't
scroll on my Facebook. I think it's
because after I became a mom, it's very
negative. It's a very negative timeline.
So I can't go on my Facebook anymore.
It's it's very sad. Um which was it
never was before, but once I became a
mom, it started to like trigger those
mom emotions.
>> And um and it's wild to switch because I
don't engage ever. on anything really.
So, it's surprising. You can see it
happen in front of your eyes if you're
paying attention to it. It's weird.
>> Yeah, Facebook definitely likes mo like
likes the engagement most. Like that's
what they pay off. They don't
necessarily pay off of views. It's more
like I noticed like when I have a video
that that'll do well, right? it'll make
a few dollars, but it won't start making
a lot of money until it gets like
further down the line in views and then
all of a sudden it starts stacking up
because a lot more people are commenting
>> and engaging with the with the post. So
like
>> again, it's them trying to control the
market share because there's a lot of
competition. There's YouTube, there's
Tik Tok.
>> They own Instagram so they don't really
have to worry about that one.
>> They don't pay anyone on Instagram
though.
>> They No, they don't.
>> They don't at all. Yeah,
>> they'll they're going to have to. But
you know you know what's you know what
sucks though is that like so basically
they pay for engagement and people more
are most likely to engage with what
negative things that things that make
them angry or sad
>> I would say
>> 100%. So it trains us as content
creators to make content that makes
people angry.
>> Yeah.
>> Like we're we are we are encouraged to
make people angry.
>> Yeah.
>> That kind of backwards.
>> Yeah. Yep.
>> It's it's it's so sad and I can just
like see it happening and I'll I'll
never do that on purpose and just
because like and I know there's like um
a lot of people will make like their
YouTube video like their titles like
>> you know this guy tried to fight me and
then there's like you know like that
type and I can't I can't Yeah. I can't
do it man. I can't. I'm like yeah
>> this is like I I don't know. I don't cuz
when I see that I'm like I don't want to
click on that. Like I even though I know
the video is not even going to be about
that. It's just like I know you're
trying to trigger my emotion and that
annoys me. So, I'm not going to do it.
But I understand and I respect why they
do it cuz it works,
>> you know, but it's like it's just not
not the game that I want to play for my
moral values, if that makes sense.
>> Well, go ahead.
>> So, you're against clickbait then?
>> Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. And I I try my best
to like when I'm trying to come up with
titles to make it like
>> something either positive or something
that's leading into the just the truth
of the video like hey like at today's I
think my thing was like reseller reality
check. Uh thrift stores are changing or
something like it's just that's what the
video is about. It was just
>> that's I went to the thrift store and I
was like this sucks and that's what my
video was about. It wasn't like I went
to the thrift store and I don't I don't
know. I I can't even come up with it. My
brain doesn't work that way. But
>> well, from the titles that I've seen
like
that you've posted on your on your
channel, I thought they were great. Like
really solid titles.
>> Yeah.
>> And and that's also something Lonnie and
I were talking about um leading up to
this is that it seems like whenever you
>> are making a video or upload a video,
you always have a purpose. Like you're
not just like turning the camera on and
like, "Hey guys, I'm in my eBay e eBay
room today or wherever." Yeah. In in the
office today
>> and we're doing this and that. Like you
always have a set topic that you're
going to talk about for the day.
>> Yeah.
>> And you just nail it, which is really
good. I like that a lot.
>> I appreciate it. I I struggle with that
because it's like you I see what works
in the reselling world when it comes to
content creation and it there's a couple
different avenues, right? Like you know
with the with the shed flips and stuff.
It's like you have your daily updates on
what's sold and you know whatever and
like and people view every single day
but it's consistent. You're very
consistent and people want to just like
watch your videos you know and same with
like you run with your like your pizza
and your like your your you know your
hobo meals or what was it? Poverty
meals.
>> Poverty meal. Yeah.
>> I never had a pepper in my poverty meal
by the way. That's okay. Hot dogs and
like the cheapest craft. No no peppers.
What? We're too poor for that. But like
but like it's consistent. It's the same
with styles. I can't do that. Like I
struggle. I I don't know if it's like
the ADHD in me or whatever. I have to be
trying something different and new all
the time. So like and I know that's can
be a negative, you know, when it comes
to social media. I can't not do it. It's
just who I am. You know,
>> you have a shot to make a a viral video
doing what you're doing, though.
>> Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that
>> because I like the the videos we make,
>> we do okay, you know, and we've been
doing this a long time and it's it's
it's become a good part of our business
and what we do and you know who we are
and our our income. But we we aren't
going to make a viral video with these
videos. These are like daily update
vlogs for people that care about us,
>> but it's not going to ever appeal to
like a a larger audience, you know, all
of a sudden.
>> Whereas your videos can, I think.
>> Well, thank you. I appreciate the
compliment. Some days it feels like I'm
like, am I taking my niche, which is
reselling, and like spreading it too
thin to where it's like someone will be
like, "Oh, I really like this, you know,
vloggy kind of video, but then the next
one she's, you know, doing thrift talk,
like, uh, I didn't like that.
Unsubscribe." You know, I I I worry
about that. But I guess that's the
natural thinking process of someone
trying to
>> possibly make a living off of YouTube,
you know, because that's kind of my
goal. And I really I love reselling and
I love YouTube. Like I just I love them
both. So doing both of them is like Yes.
>> Perfect. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I really liked the format that you
did in your video today.
>> Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that.
>> I thought it was super boring.
>> No, I I thought it was great because
what you were doing is you had a topic
that you wanted to talk about. It was
about the thrift stores being like dry
and, you know,
>> and the world's kind of crazy right now,
this and that. And
>> while you were talking about those
things, you were also working. You were
also you would also cut to like
>> oh yeah or like I'm cleaning this bag or
whatever and you would talk about that
for a minute and then you go back to the
topic and it kept it interesting like I
kind of like that. It's not something
that you see every day.
>> So like if I was you I would continue
continue doing that kind of stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> I have to do stuff like that
>> and different. Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, I appreciate you saying that
because it was like when I did that I've
been trying to cuz like being a mom and
doing this is very difficult. It's cuz
I'm I'm the full-time parent, you know,
the husband gets to do the he goes out
and does the sourcing and he does the,
you know, most of the posting and the
listing and just like he does most of
the stuff. Um, we were doing it together
the whole entire way for a long time and
then, you know, once the kid came, it
was just like that's my job now. Um, so
while I have like the nap times or, you
know, she's starting to hang out down
here with us or in the office and chill
for like an hour or two so I can
actually get some stuff done. But I was
like, what can I do? Cuz I go into the
thrift store with her.
>> Nah, no. No. So I was like, what can I
do? And I was like, oh, maybe if I just
hang out in the b the basement and just
like talk about a topic. I was like, I
can do that. Like that seems, you know,
doable. So, I appreciate I appreciate
the feedback on that very very much.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. No problem. Yeah, I enjoyed it.
Lonnie, did you have something that you
were gonna show?
>> Yeah. No, I was um I was actually
looking at um Cassandra's
eBay store actually.
>> This is what And and you do you do
provide the link, which I do appreciate.
Uh
>> yeah, I want everyone to see it and ask
questions. Yeah.
>> Right. cuz cuz a lot of people will come
on YouTube and they'll say, "Oh, I don't
share it." Because then
>> people will go look at the store because
they're they're being nosy, but then
they won't u actually buy anything
because they're just being curious. So,
that affects the sell through rate or
clickth through or whatever.
>> I don't care.
>> Right.
>> What matters to me is the money in my
bank account.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
I have a question for you.
>> Yeah. What what part of the country are
you in? First of all,
>> Michigan. So, I'm in the What is that?
Northeast or right? Is that Midwest? The
Midwest. I'm in the Midwest.
>> Midwest.
>> So, man, I look at I look at your eBay
store at your souls in your eBay store.
>> The stuff you sell is like incredibly
good stuff.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Where the heck?
>> Where the heck do you find this stuff?
>> You can't say anything.
>> I knew it. I knew it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I have a private I have a
private source that I get things from.
Um so I we we are allowed to I I'll say
we we are allowed to cherrypick. Yeah.
Let's just say that. Um but in order for
us to do that, we do things for them. So
it's kind of a, you know, which is my
husband. He does all of that stuff. So
love it. You know, I don't have to do
it. So which would be physical labor. I
don't want to do that. So, um, but no,
we just found somebody that we work
alongside with and, uh, and we get, I
would say
70 60 to 70, yeah, 60% of our stuff from
them, which is just our very consistent
amount of things that we need to just
kind of like keep the bills paid, you
know, and then everything else on top of
that, obviously, estate sales and garage
sales and thrift stores are starting to
kind of
>> I don't know, they're they're hard
they're hard to find stuff at, but come
garage sale season, season, we go ham.
And we do really well on garage sale
season. Really well. Like I think
probably a lot of the stuff I've like
recently posted, I think I posted like I
don't know a few thousand dollars in
Coach bags and Gucci stuff and all that.
Like that's all either Facebook
marketplace or garage sales. Like that's
none of that even comes from a private
source. So
>> yeah around you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But it's again it's we have
a lot of really uh great pickers around
me too that are really good and and
they're very competitive like I'm not
competitive at all. That is not in my
blood. So
>> how how long have you been doing this
Sandra?
>> We So I Oh, was it 2000? We're about
three years in. It was December
what is it? Three years ago would be
like December of what 23 24
>> 24 Yeah. 24.
>> Something like that. Yeah.
>> Yeah. 23. You're right. 23.
>> 23. Yeah. And then 24. Yeah. Cuz that's
when I had my daughter. Yeah. So, uh,
yeah. December of 23, I went to a thrift
store on my way home from work and I
bought this like lamp that was like it
looked like a It was like a rabbit and
it had like a cool like vibe to it. And
I brought it home and I was like, "Maybe
if we have kids one day, like this would
be really cool." And he's like, "What
are you going to do? Hold on to it." And
I was like, "Well, maybe I'll flip it."
And I got it for 20 bucks. Flipped it
for like 200 bucks a couple days later.
And then like
>> I don't know what happened. just
something like clicked in our brain.
>> Yeah. And then that was it. And we just
started going to uh thrift stores and my
husband went with me
>> and he's worse than me. Like I'm I love
this but like he is
>> like he it's insane. Like you don't see
him on camera much. Oh my gosh. Yeah. He
makes me look like I don't care. Like
it's wild. Yeah. Wow.
>> Yeah. It's his passion is deep. Did
y'all go to like garage sales and and
stuff like that before before you start
you became like like were you ever like
a garage sale person like garage sale or
>> kind of like I grew up poor so like we
would do we did a lot of trash picking
so like uh my dad was like a scrapper so
like we'd be driving down the road he
would see something cool like we were
like oh here's a bike for you know a lot
of the trash so we were definitely I was
I grew up trash pickicking we did a
little bit of thrift storing nothing too
crazy. It would normally be like, "Hey,
we'll save up once a year for like nice
clothes from, you know, the the mall,
you know?" So, like, I didn't really
have to go to the thrift store for
clothes, per se, but I grew up trash
picking, garage salailing,
>> but it wasn't it was not I mean, trash
picking was a big part of my life
because I was always next to a dumpster
on the side of the road, you know, dad,
get in the car. You're embarrassing me
kind of thing. But,
>> um, but no, the rest of it really wasn't
I don't know. It wasn't a thing. It just
something happened. I don't know. and
now it's like all we think about. It's
disturbing, honestly.
>> So, what made like, if you don't mind
talking about it, like what what made
you guys like jump in to reselling
full-time?
>> Um, so I got we we were doing it for
about a year and a half and like all we
did was like watch YouTube videos about
it and then like do it, right? Like we
all go through that. I think all of us
do it. Anyone that goes full-time or,
you know, or makes it a career of some
sort. And uh yeah, we were like I was
like a year and a half into that. Then I
got pregnant and I was like, I don't
want to go back to a job. No way. So,
I'll do part-time reselling while he
works. And he had a really good job,
like paid really, really well. And uh
our goal was one day maybe we'll be
full-time resellers. Oh, maybe. And then
uh which it probably would have never
happened. You know, it's hard to leave a
job that makes a lot of money,
especially right,
>> you know, in this economy. So, um, and
then he got laid off. Like, he got laid
off in May of last year.
>> And, um, we had enough money and we were
like in the bank and we're just like, we
have no debt. Let's go. Let's do it. And
I started my YouTube a couple months
before that and I was like, I'm going to
tackle YouTube and, you know, we'll
tackle the reselling and we're just
gonna go all in and it's been going
really well.
So, so he was able to see you kind of
see your results be prior to him being
laid off.
>> Yeah. Within reason. I mean, we honestly
did it together the whole entire time.
So, like
>> Okay.
>> Even when he was like having a job, like
he still was at the end of the night, he
was like, "Okay, let's stay up late and
do some listings." Like it was
>> we were pretty much like 5050. Um, there
might be days where it's like I, you
know, got tired of it or he got tired of
it, but it was never like, you know, I
took full force of it. I just was able
to do a little bit more of the heavy
lifting for a while still, you know,
working. But
>> I I don't I don't I'm I'm just impressed
by like cuz I looked at your store like
I said
>> and you've got all these brands. So
clearly you must have an eye and you're
like very brand conscious like when it
comes to apparel and shoes and boots and
all that stuff, right?
But I just don't understand how you go
from like
not being a reseller to being an
experienced reseller that quickly like
you did
>> obsession
>> you watched like is that like what was
your main training method at first like
to learn all the brands and and
everything and to learn like because you
didn't even know what you didn't know at
first, right?
>> No. Yeah. No, we didn't know anything.
Like uh my husband and I both like I had
a lot of experience in like outdoors and
guns and cars. Like that was kind of
like a weird world that I knew a lot
about. Um so the outdoor gear kind of
helped like Patagonia and Arterix and
stuff like that, right? Like we don't
really do anything with like guns or
anything, but um if I see, you know,
something branded like that, I would
know what it is and I'd be able to grab
it. Um, and you know, similar to him, he
kind of knew similar stuff there. But
honestly, YouTube, it was YouTube. Like,
we just became addicted and we started
watching everybody's videos, like either
garage sale picking, um, or them just
like, you know, throwing up comps. The
videos that threw up comps really helped
us. And then we just started to slowly
learn there. And then a lot of financial
failures of buying stuff that wasn't
worth it and having a basement, you
know, that was a death pile of things
that were, you know, you know, oopsie
poopsies, you know, and yeah, and it
just kind of we learned the hard way
throughout the whole entire thing and
then just we're both addicted to just
learning and you know, I think when it
came to clothing, clothing was harder
initially um versus stuff. you know,
stuff you can kind of it's easier to
look up, I think. But
>> I agree.
>> But the clothes Yeah. And then we
watched Tekken Sports. He has like a
group and that was actually extremely
helpful. You know, it's it's if you're
into clothes, just watching it, not even
for anything else, but just because
there's like a call every week where
people just talk about what they sold
and every week it's just brands I've
never heard of and it's stuff that sells
for hundreds of dollars. And then you
know how the universe works. it pops up
and it's in our face, you know, a week
later. We're just I feel like we
manifest stuff like that pretty pretty
frequently.
>> Oh, no. We totally do.
>> We totally do
>> because um actually you see this flag
behind me on the door.
>> So, story. Yeah.
>> Ryan told me last week he was like,
"Hey, do you have any more flags?"
Because I bought I had a bunch of flags
for whatever reason. Um, and I I sold I
sold sold everything pretty much. I
decided to keep that one. Ryan's like,
"Do you have another flag?" I said, "No,
the only one I have is that one, and
it's not for sale. I'm keeping it." I
said, "But I'll be on the lookout for
you." So, this weekend, I was thinking,
"Got to find a flag for Ryan." Found one
flag similar to this one, but it had a
stain on it,
>> and I was like, "Oh." But I felt like it
was meant to be, you know, because I
found the flag.
>> And I'm like, Candace, should I buy it?
She said, no, we're gonna find we're
gonna find something better.
>> The very next sale Cassandra, we found
another flag brand new in the bag. Yeah.
>> Brand new.
>> There it is. America, all that stuff
>> because we manifested.
>> That's crazy.
>> We manifested that.
>> But you and you also held out so you got
the better quality thing, too. It's
weird. Like I'm doing that with like a
table for my kitchen. Like I have this
like IKEA table that like I wanted and I
loved it. But you clean it so much and
it's that you know it's not real wood.
It's that crappy whatever. So all the
holes in it now are like you know
turning into like a weird it's just it's
so gross looking even though it's clean.
>> But I'm like I will not buy something
until I find the thing that's meant to
be there. you know, we come across stuff
so much and it's like
>> but it's like you just don't settle and
then you'll end up find I'll find like a
you know a hill barist or Brazilia or
whatever kind of like table that'll be
worth thousands for a hundred bucks at a
garage sale. I'm sure of it. You know,
it's just
>> it's just going to happen. It always
does.
>> You're right. That's what I'm going to
do too because I want a new desk for my
hobby computer room, whatever you want
to call it. I want something really I
don't even know what it is yet.
>> Yeah. But I'm waiting. Whenever I see
it, whenever I lay eyes on it, I'm going
to know it. I'm gonna pull the trigger.
It's going to be And it's going to be a
smoking good deal.
>> It will. It'll be free
trash.
>> Let's manifest it. Speak about it.
>> All right. This coming weekend at garage
sales, you're going to find it.
>> Yeah. Watch.
>> But in this line of work, y'all,
>> we like we go we're in front of so much
great used stuff. Like if we're willing
if we're willing to take the time and
not rush things, we never have to buy
anything new. We don't
>> never.
>> Yeah. It's It's amazing. It's It's
miraculous though, just seeing, you
know, like people always say like, "Oh
yeah, thrifters are stealing from the
poor and all that sort of stuff or like
resellers are stealing from the poor or
whatever." And it's it's crazy. Like I I
see just how much stuff there is. Like
not even just garage stuff. I mean, you
guys see it too. just there's so much
abundance of things and warehouses of
just stuff and it's
>> you can't even you can't people can't
hire people enough to like just get rid
of it or like you have to pay people to
like ship it off to other countries to
dump it in their ocean. Like it's it's
wild how much stuff is out there. That's
why I feel kind of bad about my um my
newest rekindled hobby. Uh is not great
because it's actually Well, I've been
printing these magnets, but um
>> I love it. Are those like 3D kind of
looking?
>> Yeah, it is. It's
>> Oh, cool.
>> It's in relief. You can see.
>> Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah, it looks
great.
>> Yeah, thank you. But yeah, that's my
that's my new hobby thing that I'm into
is creating more junk for the landfill
because there isn't enough.
>> It's okay. Sometimes we have to be a
part of the consuming, you know, it's
just it happens.
>> It looks great though.
>> Oh, thank you. Thank you very
>> Are you Are you 3D printing them?
>> Mhm.
>> Okay, that's awesome. Yeah, we um four
of the I'll turn this into an ad for
these. Okay, buy them. Okay,
>> everybody listen up.
>> Yeah, look, I can print
>> I can print four of these at a time.
They they fit on a plate. It's almost
like a cookie sheet.
>> Um and it takes three and about three
and a half hours to print up four of
them.
>> Awesome. And then I add
well the the material itself is like 46
cents and then these neodymian
neodyium I can't remember how you say it
exactly. These magnets are 37 cents a
piece I think.
>> Okay.
>> And then we just we sign them and then
we number them to make them more special
like that.
>> Oh yeah. You have to do that.
>> It's not total landfill. There's some
rare earths there.
>> Oh yeah. We have rare earths. Rare
earths.
But yeah, it's fun. It's even something
like I wanna that's something I want to
do later on is like learn um CAD
software better and actually like come
up with a real useful product that
solves some problem people have
>> and actually put
>> get that out there and start selling
that. Man, that would be fun.
>> That would be very fun. I'm sending
those vibes your way because I love that
stuff. I I love the idea of just like
creating some sort of product that just
is just makes life pe people's lives
more convenient or is helpful in some
way, shape or form, you know, and is
it's not something you just want to like
toss out, you know? Like that's that's
the key is it being so useful that like
you need that tool and they don't just
like toss it away. you you've you've
been at this for three years now,
Cassandra, so maybe you're still fresh
enough and maybe you're not jaded yet,
but do you ever get like do you ever get
tired of of sourcing? Like, do you get
tired?
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> And yes. Yes. All of it. All of it. It's
at the end of the day, it's like, do I
want to go back to a cubicle? Nope. I'm
going to keep on going. Like it's, you
know, I push through it because you have
to, right? This whole job is discipline.
Like it's you have your days where
you're like, "Oh my gosh, this is
beautiful. This is amazing. Like I get
to, you know, whatever." But no, this
this is 100% discipline. This is because
you it's you're not going to be
motivated every day. There's no way. And
there might be days where you're just,
you know what, today is just not a day
where I'm just gonna do stuff. I just
need it for like my mental health or
whatever. You know, some people are like
hustle culture. I'm not I'm not a hustle
culture person, but I am a disciplined
person. You know, you just got to keep
pushing even if you just you're
exhausted, you know.
>> You're right. It is like that's the only
trait that is absolutely necessary to
being a reseller, whether that be
part-time or full-time
>> is discipline. You're right. Because you
know what? I've seen some really dumb
people
>> that are are there they are just great
resellers because they're hardworking.
Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? Like
>> 100%. I've see a couple people like that
like in this world and I'm just like how
are you so good? Like you don't have any
of the thing. But it's just they every
day they grind. They just
>> What's the saying? Hard work beats
talent when talent doesn't work hard.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I used to be a very lazy person.
Like aggressively lazy. Like my mom's
even like I don't know how you're doing
this. Like it's just like you know like
you couldn't even take your pop cans
down to the kitchen. you know, like I
was one of those type of people and it's
that's been the hardest part like 100%
is and my husband was the same way like
we're just like selfish lazy people
>> and then being becoming parents and
business owners and all that. It makes
you reflect on who you are as a person
and you can like you can you can sink or
swim when you you know especially if you
go all in like if you don't have the
ability to self-reflect and like work on
yourself and work on the flaws that you
have or you know like for people most of
us we all end up like having a death
pile at some point or forever but like
and that's okay but you have to be good
with knowing that that is a problem that
you have to consistently be working at
because if not you make excuses you buy
more and more storage units. You you
know, you don't you don't work at the
problem. You got you have to always be
working at the problem or this just
>> spirals out of control.
>> I feel like I feel like this is an
intervention. This is is this was that
wasn't that was just general.
>> It's also self-reflection on me. Okay.
So, do not take
I've learned all things that I share or
like I never want to sound like I'm
preaching. It's it's everything that I
share is I have learned it the hard way.
Like we have an 800 foot basement. At
one point it was literally like more
than half of it was just those black and
yellow totes. Like I said I think it's
in one of my first videos. It was just
walls of just totes and it was all it
was all death pile. It was it was a
pretty death pile but it was still like
it was it was a death pile, you know.
And I'm that's how I learned my lesson,
you know, by losing thousands of dollars
on stuff on crap.
>> You you know what a lot of us I think
you know what I think you know what I
think happened well for me anyways when
I first started like when I was in my
first couple of years of being a
reseller.
My knowledge level was such that I
wasn't always able to get a lot of
quantity of of stuff when I go out and
source. I don't I don't I wasn't able to
get enough.
>> Yeah.
>> Because I didn't know enough about what
to get, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> So then I you kind of like start to
settle,
>> I think.
>> And then so that you get do get enough
because you feel like you have to have a
certain amount, right?
>> But then as your knowledge level grows
over the years, you have to re continue.
And I'm I'm saying you, it's the royal
you. You have to continue to
cut off some of the old stuff you used
to buy. It's constantly like it's a
constant like purging
>> and and reflection of like, okay, I used
to buy that stuff. I don't buy that
anymore. Cut. And that's hard to do.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You get you get
>> you're so used to selling it.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. Or if you go to like a thrift store
and like the things that you're used to
picking up before, you just like you
still add them to your cart and you
almost get like a high off of it. Like
that happened to me recently. I went to
a thrift store and I just it was my
first thrift talk video and I don't
think I think I bought like two things
that were actually worth my time and I
think I spent like almost 300 bucks that
day. Like it was not it was not a good
video for me to be like I'm a reseller.
It was not. But like it was just one of
those for some reason there was just
something about I was just like I think
it maybe it was like the mix of
recording and just whatever. It just
like you get a high off of those items
that I'm like, "Oh, this is 20 bucks.
This is 20 bucks." And it's like, "No,
Cassandra or whomever." Like, I sell
$100 items. I sell $50 items. Like,
>> I want my average sale price to be over
$50. Like, that's what my goal is. Why
are you doing this to yourself? And then
you get home and you're like, "This
thing has got holes in it. It's missing
buttons. Like, who what am I doing?" And
it's that constant like battle with
yourself of the things and the uh the
habits that you've created in the early
on in the business. They're so hard to
break. It's so hard.
>> And and there there might be some
occasions, too, where like maybe it's
the area you're in or whatever
>> the the case may be. Maybe you do have
to buy the $15 items and the $20. You
might maybe you have to,
>> but also maybe you don't have to.
>> Yeah,
>> maybe.
>> Is it Is it a mental thing? You know,
>> I Yeah, I I think I think that we
probably Candace and I can probably cut
out a lot of the stuff that we buy now
>> because we've done very well at like
raising our average sale price. It used
to be down like I don't know low 20s
maybe and now I want to say it's like
probably close to 40 30 40.
>> Well, you were able to make a you were
able to make a video recently. What was
the title? It was 100 items. Was it a
hundred items that sell for over $100?
>> Yeah. At the at the end of 2025, we did
>> that was all your sales that you had.
>> Yeah.
>> That's awesome.
>> We actually had uh 270 something to
choose from for making that video from
2025.
>> Wow.
>> Which
>> pretty good.
>> Yeah. No, it is good. But it it it makes
me reflect and think, okay, how much of
this $20 stuff should we still be
buying?
>> Yeah.
>> Mhm.
>> And I think a question to ask yourself,
too, is like, I don't know. I I I always
look at those items like, is that worth
my time? like because I can, you know,
get two items that are worth $100, work
a little bit harder to find those items
or, you know, buy something where it's
like, okay, I need to pay $100 for an
item that I can make $200 on, or I can
go, you know, to the garage sale and
buy, you know, things for $3 that I can
flip for $25. And it's kind of asking
yourself, what's your overall goal and
how much time do you have? And like for
us, we don't have a lot of extra time.
So, we need to have a more more value in
items because we don't have time to post
50 shirts a day, you know. So, we need
to find
>> 20 items that we can post that make, you
know, that much more for the amount of
time that we have. And that's it's
harder. It's much harder, but it's it's
worth it if you if you put the knowledge
into the stuff.
>> Yeah. But you don't you you don't get to
have those items
uh until you have the knowledge. the
correct,
>> right?
>> Or or at least the connections and it
sounds like early on you learned that
the connections are probably the most
that's the most important part.
>> 1,000%. Yeah. Cuz like with us, it's we
know that we can make a living off of
just the basic reselling, right? Going
we could just go to thrift stores and
garage sales and estate sales and do
well. Um but then we're going to be
working like slaves and it's not really
the kind of life that we want. So, we're
trying to make the outside circle work
for how we want our little inside circle
to work. And I'm not going to lie, I'm a
bougie person. Like, I'm frugal, but I
also want a really big house and I want
a sports car and I want, you know, like
I and my husband's the same way. Like,
we both want a life that if you just
settle for the $20 items, unless you
have, you know, four employees, you
know, photoing and posting them every
single day, it's not going to happen.
It's just it's just not. So,
>> so where do you see yourself? because I
I heard you I heard you um mention that
in I think it was your latest video. You
kind of mentioned the fact that
>> you want to kind of build something here
that you can pass on to your kids and
>> so like what does that look like? And
you you don't have to give all the
details cuz you know sometimes sometimes
you know you don't want to give away
your
>> you want to keep it a little bit. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But uh but where do you kind of
see yourself going if you don't mind?
Um,
>> yeah.
>> In the in the future kind of like your
big overall goals, you know.
>> Mhm. I they're kind of not scattered,
per se, but there's a few different
options that we're kind of playing
around. I love the idea of just like
having a pull barn in the back of my
yard where I just do our basic eBay
stuff and doing content creation and
making enough money off of just those
things. Like that's just like a good
like basic, you know, income stream
where it would be comfortable and we
could always be good. Like I would love
that to be our base base level. Um, but
then there's also just the idea of, you
know, I I don't really want to have like
a thrift store or something, but almost
start, you know, we could start some
sort of like um clothing donation type
thing where we take in stuff and then we
work alongside other places or people
and, you know, we've seen other people
do stuff like that. But I I'm very big
into um trying to work alongside
communities and trying to and I live in
a very nice neighborhood. So I'm like I
want to figure out a way to like work
with the community and just show like
we're very warm-hearted people. So it's
like we want to give more than take. So
it's just
>> trying to bring all those values
together and create some sort of a
business out of it, you know. And I and
like I said, there's a few different
ideas that we have bouncing around. So,
I'm not quite sure or dialed in exactly,
but I know like I said in the video
right now it's we need to make sure the
the eBay thing is at its base and that
way we can consistently move on that
while we start throwing, you know, ideas
aggressively at trying to make something
that's bigger.
>> And there's nothing wrong with liking
the base, right? There's nothing wrong
with that or just doing full-time
reselling at a thrift store, doing that
consistently. That's perfectly fine.
It's just everybody's different.
Everybody wants something something
different, you know.
>> I like that. I like to hear the the
giving thing because I've seen that so
many times
>> especially I've seen it with like
different YouTubers too like
>> um I'm trying to think
who
Stephen Stef
if you've ever heard of them but they
were very much like a giving
>> couple.
>> Yeah.
>> And they gave back to the community a
lot and they found so much success.
Not because of it, of course, but like
it's definitely like what you put out in
the world and what you give to the
world, it's going to come back to you.
>> It's a different
>> It's a different mindset. It It changes
your whole mindset, right?
>> Yeah, it does. And I And I think that's
like
>> and I see the other side of it, right?
You see a lot of people on here that are
just like it's like the hustle mindset
and it's just like get out there, push
those people over at the bins and just
like, you know, like got to get there
first, you know? And it's and that's
true. That is a very uh good way to make
this work. I will not lie. You can make
you know millions of dollars doing that.
Uh or depending on your pace of life
like I'm just a I would prefer to not do
that and have it come to me. And the way
for it to come to me is by giving and
you know just putting it out into the
world that you know we're we want to
give. I don't know
>> that that's why like whenever I see
people post photos um of like people
lined up at the estate sale
>> on on like on like the the first day
>> that gives me the heebie-jebies. I can
never do that. Like I like
>> No, I don't I don't like crowds. I don't
like crowds. I don't like
>> Do they not crowd control your estate
sales?
>> Well, they do and they do numbers and
all that stuff, but I don't like that
whole
like the rushing and the running and the
grabbing and the elbowing and like
>> Agreed.
>> All the Goodwill bins.
>> Yes. I've never been to the bins for
that reason.
>> Don't bother.
>> Yeah.
>> If that's not your thing, don't bother.
>> I'm going to go once for a video.
>> Do it.
>> I think Pam, back in the day, Pam and I
went one time and we were like,
>> "Yep, that's that's it. That's the last
time we go." Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's like there's too many bros in
here. Okay. My my husband went and he
was like, "Man, it just reeks a bo."
I was like, "Ew, I don't want to go
there." Gross.
>> I I wanted to ask you, Cassandra, about
uh whatnot because you you you shot a
couple of videos about um about that.
>> Yeah.
>> Tell us about whatnot.
>> Uh so, I jumped on the whatnot train
like everybody does. Um, and I and I do
not dislike whatnot. I understand the
concept of whatnot. And
>> Mhm.
>> I tried it. I I do believe in trying all
things. Like like I said, like having
eBay as our base, making sure that's
always good, but then trying other stuff
because you never know. Like you you
never if you don't try it, you don't
know if you're going to have success at
it. And
>> I think I don't know. I I did the low
starts. I had good stuff. I, you know,
had the cool tiles that were custom. I
did all the things that you were
supposed to do and I even had like
success because uh Harry Tornado, he was
like he would like raid my room and do
like I had a Yeah, I was very blessed
and I had a lot of people backing me on
it. But even with all of the success
that I had with all of these things that
should have made it work, it just still
for the time and energy that you have to
put into it, it just didn't it drained
me. It just it I was exhausted.
>> I didn't even want to start a show. like
I was just like it just I don't know
what it was.
>> So doing a live a live stream like maybe
it's the live because whenever I do live
stream
>> even these podcasts to some extent not
quite as bad
>> um I find them exhausting like 10x
energy drain somehow.
>> Yeah. And it can be like even just like
this it's like you get you almost get
like not like anxiety but you just like
>> it's the unknown, right? And it's the
fact that like you don't have control
over the situation. If you're making a
YouTube video, you have control. If
you're posting on eBay, you have
control. If you're doing whatnot, you
truly have no control. Like, and you
just have to hope that everything goes
well or you say everything right or
people show up or
>> you're kind of performing a bit.
>> Oh, 1,000%. It's a performance.
>> It's a performance.
>> Yeah.
>> Were y'all selling the same stuff you
are now? Because like you have a lot of
like nice boots and stuff like that that
you sell now. Were you selling that on
whatnot?
>> No. No. So we did have a threshold.
>> Um we were selling clothing and like we
had some and we had stuff too. So like I
had some stuff shows that did pretty
well. I had uh he came across like this
crazy vintage baby clothing lot that was
a bunch of vintage, you know, overall
Oshkosh stuff and it was really good
stuff. I probably should have just sold
it on eBay, but I was trying to gain the
crowd, right? I was trying to get the
followers and I was cool with losing to
be able to gain and I regret it a little
bit.
>> Oh, I saw I saw some short of yours
where
>> didn't your husband find like a some
baby clo thing for like 400
>> overalls?
>> 400 freaking dollars or something.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it was. Yeah, he was at he
was doing his sourcing the other day and
he was like, "Oh, I got this for Scarlet
and we know my daughter." And I was like
I was like, "Wow,
>> those are I feel like those might be
good ones. you might want to check those
out. And then he comes back upstairs, he
goes downstairs and he comes back up and
he was like he like shows me the phone
and I was like, "You better go wash
them." And he like he literally ran
downstairs, washed them and we had them
photoed within like a matter of an hour.
But
>> sorry, Scarlet.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, they were like size.
And it was funny. I said, "No." I was
like, "No, it's size six." Like she
won't fit into that for a few years.
Like I don't like to hold on to stuff
like I like to We get so much stuff. I'm
not holding on to it. But once I knew
the price, I was like, I don't know. No,
they're gone. They're gone.
>> Doesn't matter.
>> Yeah, we've gotten a few. Um, we've
gotten like a couple like $275 offers on
them, but we haven't accepted any of it
yet. So, we're kind of holding out on
them a little.
>> What brand is that again?
>> Oshkosh.
>> Oh,
>> what is that? Like a grail of that brand
or something?
>> Older stuff. Yeah, there's certain like
prints and like styles for Oshkosh that
are worth a lot of money. The vintage
baby clothes market is weird, man. It's
so weird because it's like
>> I don't I don't know. I I
>> You know what? I wonder if it's like
people who had that same
>> maybe
>> clothes back in the day and they have
pictures of them wearing it and they
want their kids to wear the same thing.
>> Dude, it's there. It's It's weird. The
moms with the baby clothes. Candace used
to be into this stuff, man.
Jimree. It was like
>> That's the other one. That's the one I
had. I had totes of Jimree. That's what
it was.
>> Oh, that's good stuff because
>> Oh, it was really good.
>> My My wife used to buy that stuff and it
ain't cheap.
>> No,
>> I know that.
>> It's still not.
>> And they're hooked on it. They have like
whole communities about I don't even
think it's about the kids bearing it. I
think these I think some of these women
just like to collect the stuff or
something. I don't know.
>> 100%. There's um one of the girls that I
became friends with from that show, she
is a part of a Jereique community and
there's a website and they like
categorize all of the clothes and like
she has like all these outfits and stuff
and like she I think she was saying that
like she had was able to add items to it
because of my show or the things that I
it was so wild like really and oh I got
to complete the collection. This is the
the name of this collection is the
Stanley collection or what? Like it's
>> it's like Beanie Babies but weirder, I
guess.
>> Did you did you know that niche before
you became a reseller? Because like
listening to you speak right now, like
that depth of knowledge is what it I
feel like it requires in certain niches
if you want to identify and command the
top dollar.
>> That's the level you have to know. And I
just still really don't understand how
you have that. so soon.
>> Uh if we find I think also having my
husband as addicted as I am with it.
>> It's really really 100%. Like we but we
bump stuff off of each other. Like I'll
learn something and I'll be like, "Oh my
gosh, did you see this?" Like
>> I was cleaning those purses yesterday
and there was a coach bag in there that
he had grabbed. We knew it was good, but
like it was like a $150 bag that was
like this little guy. And I was like,
"Oh my gosh, look at this." And if we're
learning stuff, we're always sharing it
with each other. So, I'm like, "Hey, I'm
hearing that this style or this trend is
really hitting off right now. Keep your
eyes peeled for it." And he'll say the
same for me, like, "Oh, do you see this
vintage t-shirt that's got a middle
finger on it? Like, this thing's I'm
posting 500 bucks." Like, it's just
we're always
>> we're always throwing things at each
other, which really allows us to grow, I
feel like, twice as quick. It's like
>> um what's that famous YouTube guy? Uh
the guy that's like number one in
YouTube.
>> Oh, Mr. Beast. Yeah.
>> He always said like in the beginning he
had like a group of people and every
single day all day they would just
collaborate. So he said it wasn't just
him learning. It was a group of like
four dudes
>> and all of them were always talking
about the things that they learned like
oh this is what's good for tiles or
titles or whatever.
>> That tells me that you've done a lot of
research on YouTube as well.
>> Yes.
>> I've seen the same videos. So
>> yeah.
>> That's how you learn. That's how we
become good and we grow quick. Like I
don't want to wait four years to be
monetized. I just didn't, you know, I
don't I don't have the patience for that
even if I'm passionate.
>> But that's not a normal trait though.
That's not a normal thing what you're
doing though. For sure. But it it is it
is true though what you say about like
um about your husband and you and you
learning together because Candace and I
do the same thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I know
like very like when it comes to say
action figures, she's gone down that
rabbit hole big time. She knows way more
in doll action figures, dolls, etc.
>> She know, but I know like just like real
surface level stuff
>> that can at least clue me in to at least
bring something to her attention to know
that it she needs to look at it.
>> And then she has that same like surface
level knowledge about the stuff that I I
tend to specialize in
>> 100%. Yeah. Because so she doesn't have
to know everything I know and I don't
have to. I just have to know what she
knows and maybe know
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Right.
>> Just know that she does know.
>> Yeah.
>> If that makes sense.
>> Yeah. I know what you're saying. Yeah. I
know that you know that you know what I
know, but you know we know.
>> Yeah. No, 100%. I think it's it's a
superpower. It's a superpower in the
reselling world to be doing it with
somebody, I think. And I and you see a
lot of people struggle or especially
when they have a spouse that isn't on
the same page. Like I
>> I can see it in people's videos, you
know, or I've had a lot of people that
have messaged me about, you know, like
my husband doesn't believe in what I'm
doing or my wife doesn't believe in what
like and it's it is sucks. Like I I hate
that. I hate seeing that for people.
>> Yeah. Cuz it's like that's supposed to
be your homie, you know? That's your
ride or die. And them not believing in
the thing that you're trying to do.
>> That's That sucks. That's sad, you know.
>> Yeah. That's That's where you're
supposed to be drawing your strength
from, not not encountering resistance.
Yeah, that's true.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They don't have to like it.
They just have to believe in you to do
it, you know, kind of thing.
>> Before y'all started the reselling
thing, um did
you like did y'all both have jobs
outside of the home? Like tradition
>> automotive world?
>> Yeah.
>> You were a car saleswoman, right?
>> I was. Yeah. I was a car salesperson for
like 10 years. I sold cars. Um, I worked
in the finance, special finance. So, I
sold subprime cars. So, that was in
Detroit. That was wild. Whoa.
>> Um, yeah. Um, I worked at a disc golf
company as a photographer. Um, Oh,
really? I did. Yeah. I worked at a
go-kart track. I've done I've done a lot
of like strange fun jobs. Like I've
always tried my best to, you know, have
something cool, some sort of experience
out of it, but I did marketing for the
last few years before I um in the
automotive world, you know, automotive
marketing, semi-truckss, honestly, is
what I was in was the semi-truck world.
>> Oh.
>> Were you in like a specific company like
>> customized? Yep. So, uh I was at a
Peterbuilt dealership for a couple years
and then uh Yep. And then I left there
because I just didn't I Yeah. So, I got
the job doing disc golf uh for, you
know, photography. So, I took that, but
it wasn't paying enough. So, I was like,
"All right, I got to go back to having a
big girl job." Um, and then I went and
worked for a Freightlininer dealership.
It was actually a friend of mine, his
his parents own it, and he like, "Please
come. Please come." And I was like,
"Fine, I will." I was like, "I need more
money, so I will I will take the
opportunity." And it was for a um
continuous improvement coordinator job.
So, it was marketing director and
continuous improvement coordinator. So
some of my videos if you watch it's I'll
talk about processes and implementing
them and
>> yes and that's where I learned it was I
worked for a I mean their dealership was
the Metro Detroit Freightlininer which
is huge um but you know that's a$und00
million company but then I was trained
by Daimler which is a billion dollar
company so they train me on processing
and how to continuously improve and to
implement change in your business and
all of this I mean stuff that people
never have the opportunity to to learn
and I I won a and I like I won an award
and I like you know I I did my usual
become addicted to it become really good
at it and then be like all right I'm
done you know kind of
>> sorry
yeah and this is the only thing I've
ever done in my life that I just I can't
get enough of it you know you have your
days where you're like me but like
overall I don't want to do anything else
and I've never had that in my life and I
think it's cuz it's always changing
>> I didn't expect to uh have that
connection cuz I I'm in the I'm in the
concrete construction industry and we we
have we have a uh we have a Peter belt.
>> One of our trucks is a Peter. So there
you go.
>> Fantastic vehicle. Is it a 579? I was
>> I don't know.
>> Peter Belts are fantastic. Yeah, I love
Peter. But yeah, it's a great truck.
>> Yeah. No, I that's funny you said the
whole like do you guys do you said do
you do like asphalt and stuff like that?
Is that what you
>> It's concrete and aggregate.
>> Okay. That's funny. Did you in my video?
I was like, you don't even know tired.
Unless you do like asphalt,
you guys, dude. No. No. That's You're
That's way more tiring.
>> Not Not Ryan, though. Ryan does. No, he
doesn't work that hard, I don't think.
>> Are you the guy holding the stop sign?
>> No.
>> No. I I I have an office job now.
>> Oh, that's nice, though. That's good for
>> that. But Well,
>> what do you do?
>> I'm a concrete dispatcher. Oh, okay.
Cool. So, you like take out the guys and
like have them go out to whatever
locations for jobs?
>> I load the load the trucks, take the
calls from the customers, coordinate the
schedule, all that.
>> That's a good job.
>> Yeah, it's good.
>> It's a job.
>> The the first the first couple of years
I knew Ryan, every time we were in a
group chat and we mostly voice messages
and every time because he wasn't in the
office at that point, he was operating
heavy equipment.
>> Every time,
>> man.
Just pack it up.
>> It was safe. I swear.
>> Yeah. Uhhuh. Sure.
>> I'm sure there's a statute of
limitations on that. That's probably
>> We don't got to get OSHA involved. Okay.
OSHA does not need to know what's going
on here.
>> Well, but um what I was going to ask you
though, Cassandra, is y'all were both
working outside of the home
>> and not not together.
>> Nope. Nope. He did automotive, too. So
he did uh you know like if you go to a
dealership and you buy contracts like
for a car aftermarket wise he was the
person that would sell those to the
dealerships. So like he also was in that
automotive world. So we were in the same
realm but separate.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So but now y'all have gone from
that to y'all both work full you're both
full-time resellers YouTubers, right?
>> Uh yeah. Yeah. And parents too. Yeah.
We're doing all of it together as a team
>> and all that. Yeah.
>> So now you So now you you see each
other, you're around each other 247. How
>> That's correct.
>> How how different is that? How has that
been?
>> Awesome. We still never had a fight.
We've never like we have our little
moments where we like we'll like bigger
like earlier there was like a process
that it's funny. I caught it on camera,
but I'm not going to share it. But uh it
was funny. I was trying to like do a
process and I'm very like if I'm working
on something, it's like we're working on
this specific thing. I had become very
like you know and he wasn't like
assisting with because he was trying to
help Scarlet like he was doing good but
I was just like I need you over here now
you know kind of thing. So like but he
knows how to deal with me and I know how
to deal with him when he is in you know
whatever type of mood he's in. Like
we're very emotionally mature human
beings like in aggressively emotionally
mature and that's why we've never had a
fight. We have our little disagreement
arguments, but 90% of the time we're on
the same page. Like we're always like or
we're trying to work through it and we
have different ways of thinking. We're
very different people. Um but we work so
well together. It's crazy. Like we we
pretty much like fill out all the things
that you would need to like own a
company or run a company or run a
business on both complete opposite ends
and then it just like has meshed in this
beautiful beautiful thing. Yeah.
>> Wow. Mhm.
It's It's not for everybody. I mean, we
it took us a little time to get used to
it because like you don't realize
>> like when you go from both working
outside of the house and being gone for
what 10 hours a day or more depending on
how the schedules line up. Uh it's a big
it's a big difference, man. Like Candace
and I like we're around each other all
day, every day,
>> 24/7,
like non-stop. And that took some
getting used to. It really did. It was
tough.
>> What was the transition? What was the
transition like when when she first came
on with you, Lonnie?
Was it was it smooth or was it a little
weird at first or
>> It was a little weird, man, because like
we had to figure out the dynamic of of
us like
>> and also she didn't really know much
about the business when she joined,
right?
>> No.
>> Yeah,
>> she didn't. So it was like she she came
in and like I wasn't the boss per se,
but I was the one that knew how to do
everything and she didn't really know
how to do anything yet because she
hadn't been doing it.
And so we had to kind of like she was in
that role like employee type role for
the first couple of years and then now
she's transitioned to fully autonomous
and we're kind it's more of a
partnership kind of
>> thing now you know.
>> Yep.
>> But yeah it was like it was tough
because we weren't on equal footing
knowledgewise at first you know it's
kind of difficult. Mhm. Was there like a
Was there a power struggle ever with you
guys? Like
>> Oh, no.
>> No. Okay. Yeah, I have that.
>> Yeah. I like I I have a natural boss
energy, you know? I'm a I'm a definitely
a leader type person. Not like do this,
but I'm a let me teach you how to do
like I'm a very I'm a leader type human
being.
>> And my my my poor husband, he's he does
everything he can just go whatever you
say. But then occasionally he'll be
likeh like it's my job. I'm like okay.
>> I'm kind of like you as far as that
goes. But and Candace it it works out
because Candace isn't like really a
bossy pushy
>> type person. I probably am. I probably
those adjectives probably do describe me
to some extent. But um I it does let me
know that whenever she does tell me
whenever she does push back, it does let
me know to uh hey really pay attention
to this protest of hers because if she's
like really like
>> she's probably right.
>> She's probably right.
>> I mean who we normally are.
>> You know what I mean? That's good that
you can like reflect on that and be
like, I need to kind of dial it back in
a little bit and maybe, you know, listen
a little bit deeper and not, you know,
think about it. Just listen. Because you
know on YouTube um
>> Cassandra like mistakes you make
>> like something we say right here in
passing that may not seem like a big
deal at the time it could go back and
some look what they said and they play
it back and it's like
>> are you talking about like some Pegasus
re Pegasus type stuff right there
youart
>> I didn't even know I didn't even know if
I wanted to talk about that or not but
since you brought it up Cassandra not me
>> he featured you didn't Yeah. Yeah, he
likes me. That's good.
>> He does. He does. I watched that
episode. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm surprised, honestly, cuz
it's cuz I'm in that world that he's in.
So, it's like I'm in that, you know,
continuous improvement type world
>> that I'm expecting. Honestly, I'm
waiting for the day where he like picks
me apart. But he seems to like me and if
he does, it's totally fine.
>> Yeah. Oh, I know. I break out the
whiteboard. I'm like shaking now. No,
I'm just kidding.
No, I I like constructive criticism. It
does not bother me. It might hurt my
feelings a little bit just because we're
human beings, but like
>> I'll be like, "Oh, he's probably right."
You know?
>> So So you're a Pegasus Lounge fan.
>> Don't have to answer that.
>> No, I will. I'll answer it because
there's been a lot of Pegasus stuff.
I've never been with any drama, so let's
do it.
>> I'm not a drama person. No, I do I agree
with what he's saying. I think um a lot
of the things he'll pull out and stuff
like that is correct. And when it comes
to like business uh continuous
improvement teachings, he's spot on.
He's very dialed into that and he's uh
when he does say things, he is backing
it up with uh business knowledge that he
has from what he's done.
>> What is his main point of of of
difference with the re the YouTubers
that he's been like criticizing? if you
could sum that up for people that aren't
aren't aware of what what this guy's
been talking about.
>> So, um, from what I can tell, I'm a very
surface level kind of YouTube person for
the most part. I dived in for a few
years, but I'm more surface level
because I don't got time for it. But,
um, from what I can kind of get away
from it is he uh is somebody that has I
don't know if he's actually been a
reseller. I don't if if he has I don't
really know but I know he's worked more
in like the he's on a white label or I
know that he's been upset someone called
him that but like he takes products and
then it's like he sells that product
over and over and over and over again
whatever you know bigger scale right
selling something on Amazon and then I
don't know if it's exactly what he did I
truly don't know
>> did he say what product it was or
anything
>> no not that I've seen not that I've
personally seen like I said I'm very
surface level with it so I don't want to
put words into someone's mouth that they
never spoke um but from what I
understand that's kind of the world
versus resellers. When it comes to
resellers, every single item is a
different item. It's it's
individualized. It's, you know, it's we
have to physically find that item, touch
that item, wash that item, put it on a
board. Like, we have to go through the
whole entire process versus you create
one item and then that item sells over
and over and over again.
>> Harder to scale, right?
>> It's very It is hard to scale. It is.
And there's a lot more time and energy
and stuff that has to go into the
physical item, which
>> 1,000% is correct. And what I've
noticed, um, which he's not wrong, is a
lot of the things he'll share is people
giving the wrong advice, which could be
damaging towards new resellers, which
there has been some things I've heard,
um, that were just not quite accurate.
And I've I'm I'm probably something too,
like it's we don't mean to.
>> What is an example of one? Can you think
of one? I'm sorry I'm putting you on the
spot because I know this is kind
>> I am like seven and a half months
pregnant. You have no idea how bad my
brain fog is. I'm struggling here. I'm
normally in bed.
Um, no, I can't specifically think of
something cuz if I do, I'll probably
butcher it. Uh, but every video he has,
he does it. That's his whole entire
thing. So, uh, it's which is which is a
thing, right? I totally get it. Like,
that's just that's his thing. That's
what he does. I totally understand it.
Um, personally for me, there's some
videos where he's it's almost like he's
attacked some people and like kind of
like not been not been kind to them.
It's almost been like he's like laughing
at what they're saying or whatever. I
don't like that. I I don't believe in
being um I don't want to say facitious.
I don't feel like that's the right word
for it, but I don't like the
>> negative downplay.
>> Yes. The negative undertone. I don't I
don't like that. I 100% am cool with the
um saying, "Hey, this is not quite
right. And here is the right way. That's
okay. Sure, that's that's true. That's
true. But doing it in a way that can
make someone hurt their feelings is not
not my way of going about things." But
that's just me personally, you know,
like you said, mean things and negative
things pay, you know. So,
>> I'm sure he has you following.
>> I'm sure that's what he's I'm sure
that's a big part of his plan there. I
mean, it's
>> Yeah,
>> there's obviously that's what it is. I
I'm a little scared of the guy, to be
honest. I'm a little scared.
>> Yeah, a little bit. Like,
>> you scared to get a video about you?
>> A little bit. Like,
>> well, now that we talked about him on
here.
>> I know. He's going to talk about us.
>> Oh, boy.
>> I didn't say anything bad, though. And I
don't
>> No. And I'm not saying anything bad
either. Yeah.
>> I'll say this, Lonnie. You don't have to
>> You don't have to give an opinion,
Lonnie. I'll say from just my short
opinion of him cuz I've watched some of
his videos and I tend to agree with what
Cassandra just said,
>> I haven't really seen anything that he
said that I necessarily disagree with. I
haven't but I have not watched a lot of
his videos. I've watched probably a
handful of watch four or five somewhere
in that range. Nothing too crazy, but
enough to get the undertone of what you
were saying that sometimes it just kind
of comes across where it's like
>> I don't know. I feel like in the
reselling world, we all kind of have the
YouTube reselling world, we all kind of
have each other's back in a way. And I
know I'm still a tiny little potato, but
like in general, like you just want to
be kind to other people because this is
this is this is a full-time job in its
own, you know, doing this. So just being
nice to each other, I think is so key.
So when you start attacking people that
are a part of a community, you're going
to get, you know, some recoil. I saw was
it Kevin this week was like about it,
you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's why we that's why we
started paying attention to it.
>> Yeah.
>> The first person I've seen like
>> Yeah. Kevin was all mad about it and
that's why we were like
>> we were like, "Hey, Kevin's really mad
>> about Pegasus Lounge. I've never really
checked." And this is the bad part,
right, about responding publicly. I've
never really checked Pegasus Lounge out
before, but if Kevin's this mad now, I
have to. So now like what has he done?
He's actually advertised for the guy.
He's given like the guy the guy couldn't
pay for advertisement that good.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't think that's what Kevin
really intended, you know.
>> No. Yeah. That conversation.
>> That's something I haven't seen though.
I haven't seen what the beef is with him
and Kevin. I don't know what he said
about Kevin. I didn't watch that
episode.
>> It was something to where he he made
Pegasus Lounge. I feel like we're
turning this into TNZ here, but
whatever.
>> Hey, Pegasus.
>> See the can of worms you opened up,
Cassandra.
>> I didn't mean
>> I just wanted some beef. I wanted to be
a part of the beef. I'm just kidding.
>> You did say Pegasus Lounge first and I
wasn't like I wanted to ask you because
And the reason the reason it was going
to come up was because it came up on the
trash I mean the trash to cash uh
podcast. Um, and then we started
checking it out. Lo and behold, Ryan
sends me a clip and it's like you pop up
and this was after we had talked about
we had been talking about having you on
our podcast.
>> Yeah.
>> Actually, you had already been booked at
that point and I was like
>> I'm like wow people everybody already
knows about Cassandra apparently.
>> My husband called me the the YouTube
reseller is reseller. He's like,
"Everybody that is in that world knows
you, but like you haven't blown up yet."
>> Right. Right.
>> Yeah.
>> That's a good That's That's a good way
to put it.
>> That is That's not a bad spot to be
either.
>> No. No. I'm a very nice person. Okay.
Like I It's funny. I manifested this in
a weird way. Like it was It was when I
first started my channel and I was
watching I don't know. I was like I
don't remember I don't remember who I
was watching and I was like I'm going to
be friends with everybody. And he was
like what? And I was like, I'm going to
be friends with everybody. And and it's
and he was like, you think? And I'm
like, oh yeah, I know it. Like I'm just
I could just
>> good.
>> I just knew it. It was just it was just
like a such a natural feeling of like,
I'm just going to just I'm going to be
everybody's homie, you know? It just
kind of just happened very quickly and I
didn't even mean for it to. I never
reached out to anybody. It just
naturally manifested and it just Yeah,
it's been awesome. I don't know. I love
it. when you're putting when you're
putting good work out, it'll it'll
eventually float to top. And in your
case, it actually happened really
quickly because you've only got like
>> you've only got like 30 long form videos
or so up.
>> And so
>> you've had like instant results, I would
say, so far.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And that's that's kind of
how I do my life. I am I am a instant
results kind of person. Like I I don't
like there to be too much of a learning
curve. I like to just aggressively hit
it. And I don't and it's always going to
be the learning, right? because you're
going to go through that like Dunn and
Krueger effect where it's like you think
you know everything and then it's like
then you realize you're an idiot and
then you know and then you you actually
start to truly gain momentum and that's
you know I was like oh I know video I
did it when I was in high school and
then
>> no I didn't I was art yeah no idea once
I get into it I was like shoot I bit off
more than I can chew but no it's it's
good it's good
>> that Dunning that Dunning Kger effect is
true isn't it like it doesn't it really
does work like that. It's like once you
once you're really comfortable with a
subject matter, that's because you
you're just at at peace with the fact
with knowing
>> how much you don't know and you're okay
with
>> Yeah. Or like I'm sure for like you when
you got like really into like your
health, right? And like because this
happened with me. I used to just not
take care of myself and then I got a
thyroid disorder and then I learned
about health and taking care of myself
and now I am like an advocate for you
know being healthy and not eating sugar
and carbs and all this sort of stuff
unless you know unless it's like a sweet
treat obviously like I just had a I
smashed a jumbo bowl of ice cream last
night like I'm not perfect but in
general I understand health
>> but I had that done in Krueger where it
was like I I first started to learn
about it and I was just trying to get
everybody on the train and then you
realize you can't do that or like people
watch a Tik Tok video and they think
they know everything from a 30-
secondond reel and they're like do you
want me to tell you how to do your
investments and I'm like no you don't
you've never done it you just watched a
30-cond video and now you're telling me
how to you know do it's like no no no
don't no I don't like that you gota you
have to put the effort and the time into
it then I will listen right as at least
for me
>> it's funny I'm sorry go ahead Ryan
>> I was just going to say that's the thing
about YouTube too is it's kind of like
once Once you do learn the basics, you
do learn as you go
>> and you'll get better as it you'll get
better at it as you go.
>> And
>> I think you're in a really good position
because you're like light years ahead of
I would say 99% of new YouTubers.
>> Um, but yeah, I mean I I think if you
stick with it cuz you like you only have
30 something long form uploads and you
have 4,000 subs.
>> It's pretty impressive. To me, it
doesn't feel like enough, but it's good.
>> Like, no. Like, if you came at it, I
think
>> I I think you're gonna like I think
you're at the very
bottom point of the
>> Yeah, the hockey stick.
>> Yeah,
>> I think it's coming very soon.
>> Well, thank you. I appreciate that.
Like, my goal was to hit like 10,000
followers by the end of last year, but
it's like I only did like 12 videos.
What am I talking about? Like,
>> I like I I love this attitude. It's not
enough. It's not enough. I love it.
>> It's not. Yeah. I I I honestly feel like
this is going to like I could do this as
my my base income and and it's that's my
goal is honestly to be able to do that.
And sometimes it's like you feel selfish
saying that cuz it's like I know that
I'm like trying to bring things to
people and like you know inform people
and whatever. And it feels so weird to
like just like be myself and just sit in
the basement cleaning stuff just talking
about like I went to the thrift store
and it kind of sucked. And it seems so
strange like and it feels like I'm being
selfish expecting people to want to
watch me do that. It feel I do it to you
guys, right? Like I watch you guys or I
watch all these YouTube and it's like
I'm doing that to other people. Why
would I not think that I could also be
that person? But it feels weird. It is
it is an emotional learning curve and
then you're like oh it was only 500
views but it's like that's a lot of view
that's 500 human beings in this world
watched you you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You do kind of start have to
start with the assumption that people
want to hear what you have to say.
>> Yeah.
>> So it does require it requires a certain
amount of ego to ever do it. It really
does.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Luckily I'm a confident
human being. I don't really have much of
an ego per se. I used to, but I shred
that bad boy over the last few years.
But I'm I'm I am a confident human being
because I put the effort into anything
that I say, you know? I don't just like
spew out stuff. Like that's why it's
like with the Pegasus thing. It's like I
don't really know, you know? I'm just
This is my surface level, you know,
whatever. Like I I make sure to
>> grind that in so people aren't like she
said and it's like no, I'm telling you I
don't know what I'm talking about. Like,
you know, kind of thing. You know, a lot
of people don't like to admit that they
don't know what they're talking about.
come out confidently about things that
are just like
>> and you just you can just read the BS on
them like you smell weird, you know?
>> Yep.
>> There's a lot of people out there doing
YouTube that I can just smell that on
them and I don't and it makes me sad
because it's like it scares me for the
people that follow them and um or
learning things that aren't actually
beneficial to uh growing a business or
you know their pocketbook honestly.
>> Yep. Yeah, it's good. Mhm. Mhm.
>> Well, I would I would like u as we're
wrapping up here, um Cassandra, can you
make a recommendation? I'm going to ask
you to work for us.
>> Can you can you make a recommendation
for uh give us three other
I guess preferably YouTube channels.
>> Okay. And it could be like it could even
be like you can give us like one to
reach for that you're like oh you can
ask but I don't know if you'll get that
one you know.
>> Yeah sky's the limit doesn't matter.
>> Sky's the limit but also maybe give us
one or two reasonable ones too. Uh who
do you think we should ask on onto the
podcast next?
>> Okay. So I think Carrie at home. I love
Carrie. I I adore her. I absolutely
adore her. Um, I think if you guys could
try to get her on, that would be
awesome. I would love to see I don't
think I've seen a like a like a podcasty
thing where she's been like
interviewing. I would love to see her in
that format. I'll message her afterwards
and be like,
>> um, but no, I would love to see her. I
would love to see You guys haven't had
Harry on yet, have you?
>> Uh, no.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, we haven't. He's
>> Are you guys friends? Do you guys not
like each other or something? Is there
more drama?
>> I don't know. I I I don't
>> I think Harry wants to come on. He's not
We're not enemies.
I'll say Harry
I I don't want to say anything.
Honestly, I don't want to lie. I don't
want to sit sit here and lie and say
we're friends and I love the guy.
>> I don't really love the guy. I'll be
honest. Okay. I don't.
>> Hey, to each their own. He's been a he's
been a a splendid sweetheart to me. So,
everyone has been, honestly. said that
>> even Pegasus is my homie, I guess. So, I
don't
>> Well, you said that. I'm friends with
everybody.
>> That's who I am as a human being.
>> And and a lot of people do love Josh.
And I really feel like I'll say this
again, and I don't want a reaction from
you, Cassandra. You can stay out of my
mess. But,
>> okay. I I really feel like I don't some
of the things that I don't like about
Josh, he doesn't even realize he's doing
because I don't think he's self-aware
about some things. So, I'll just blame
it on that. And maybe we will have Harry
Tornado on.
Oh my gosh. I don't know.
>> Anybody Anybody that is watching this
part right now wants Harry on like you
just like talked yourself into a like,
you know, a Kevin situation. You know
what I mean? Like you're you'll get a
lot of views.
>> It's different with Harry though. You
don't understand. Like
>> I don't need to.
>> I have to Here's the thing. I'm willing
to invite Harry if he was if he is
gracious enough to come on here.
I You know what? I won't say that. I was
going to say something that wasn't going
to be that nice. So, I won't say it. But
yeah,
>> you got to be nice, Lonnie.
>> Okay, you're right.
>> People like nice people. You're right.
The idea has been floated multiple times
and there was an interaction on Facebook
where he said basically that he would
come on.
>> Yeah. We'll see.
>> Now I really want to see it. I'm just
putting it out into the universe.
Manifest.
>> Well, you're doing a great job
>> manifesting it.
>> You're doing a great job recommending
here. You you
>> Yeah.
>> As as asked. Okay. So, we need one more.
Do you have another one?
>> These are great though.
>> This Thank you. Um, so yeah, definitely
Carrie. Uh, Harry is up to you, I guess.
Um,
>> no, we're we're gonna end up doing
Harry.
>> You have to know now. You have to. Yeah.
And if he tries to back out, let me
know.
>> You better get on there, boy.
>> You asked the question, Lonnie. Maybe I
would
>> Maybe I would end up loving it. I doubt
it. I can't see end up loving it.
>> I think you guys will end up like
hanging out afterwards. You get matching
tattoos with each other. It's going to
be so cute.
God, no. No way.
>> I love it.
>> He'll get a He'll get a shed flips
tattoo. You'll get a
>> Oh, I love it.
>> A support your friends tattoo.
>> Yeah.
Um, and then, uh, I guess my third one,
gosh, I don't know. I I think I've
recently been watching just a lot of
like the other moms, per se, just
because the fact that like I when I
started it was a lot of just like the
dudes hustling, doing the thing.
>> And then once
>> Yeah. And then once I kind of just got
into it, it was just like like I like
watching the hustle at home mom. Like I
love her. Like she's she's doing it. You
know, she just paid off her house and
she's got what three kids and same with
Carrie, three kids. And it's just
watching that dynamic is very
interesting for people
>> like me or you know other women and
there's most resellers are women you
know so it's
that's probably the case, isn't it?
Yeah. Most resellers are women.
>> Yeah. And that's why I'm going to start
showing my my kid when I'm doing
something. Like today I was filming and
my kid was literally like climbing all
over me and like she grabbed the
microphone so I'm just like holding her
and I'm like all right like hold the
microphone in my face. So it's just like
and I and I want to see that from other
people. And at first I was like people
don't want to see that from me. And I
was like no I think that's wrong cuz I
would love to see that in these other
videos. So, I think just kind of um you
know, just just women, I guess, the
women and especially the ones that you
don't really see on like the interview
stuff or don't do podcasts. I think
that's that's interesting to see like a
more natural state of them that's
outside of a scripted video. I I
personally enjoy that.
>> Has Ashley ever done a podcast? I I
don't know if I've ever seen
>> You talking about Hustle at Home.
>> Yeah, that's her name, right? Is that
her name?
>> I think so. It sounds that wrong. I'm
pretty sure it's Ashley.
>> Okay.
>> I've never seen one. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I appreciate I appreciate you
giving us two females to choose from.
>> U because that that is um we're not
we're not ignorant of the fact that that
is probably our biggest room for growth
in our audience
>> probably. Yeah.
>> Um and like you said, I think you might
be right about the number of resellers.
>> I never thought of that before.
>> I had the clothing for like for for
Poshmark. You think about the, you know,
most clothing like websites are kind of
geared towards women, you know, what is
the
>> Yeah, that high-end one is the V, I
don't know, whatever that one is. Like,
it's it's it's women's clothes, you
know.
>> Huh.
>> I didn't think about that because you
know what? There was a time before my
wife was working with me on these videos
every day, uh, where my audience was 80%
male, 20% female. That's how bad That's
how the the women just hated me.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Now,
>> well, it's you don't have that like
>> I was going to say, but now you have the
female energy that's there and people
want to see that, you know? It's like
when I first started, I wanted to see
the dudes cuz the dudes were talking
about the the comps and the this. Yeah.
They were talking about the facts and my
husband loves that. We talk about all
the time. He likes the hard facts and
throw and showing up the comps and just
getting right down to the nitty-gritty.
The girls like the fluff. They like the
the feminine energy kind of side of it
or like the making jokes or, you know,
the the extra stuff that normally dudes
don't really add into it, which is
natural. It's, you know, human nature.
>> So, you want more fluff and you want
more I'm I'm trying to figure out how to
appeal to women more fluff, more jokes,
more just okay.
>> More women I think is is good. And I'm
not like one of those people like I'm
not like feminist, you know, like yeah,
we need more women. It's not like that.
It's just it's it's I feel like in the
reselling like especially um I know the
what is it the nurse nurse flipper or
whatever I think she does something with
another chick and there's some other
people that are out there um rural
squirrel and there's some people that
are you know in the you know the world
but those those big girl YouTubers you
don't really see them involved you know
the big ones.
>> Yeah. Same with like a was it a home
homechool picker? I've never seen her on
something before. I think
>> lady is another one.
>> Crazy lamp lady. Yeah. Nick or
knickknacks or whatever. Yeah.
>> Wait, you So you're saying Okay, so
here's your claim. Well, I want to make
sure I understand your claim. Your claim
is that the female reseller YouTubers
do not play together. They don't, by and
large, they don't collaborate with one
another.
>> I have not seen it. And I I even thought
to myself like I think it would be so
cool to just like even just do a video
where it was like like I would and it's
not gonna happen because all of us have
kids. Like it's just not gonna happen.
But if all of us YouTube girls could
like get together and like go thrifting
or do like a video together, I think
that would be the coolest thing ever.
But the reason that it's harder for us
is because the fact that we're just we
we have a lot more layers on our on our
cake on our plate, you know? Like it's,
you know, like right now the husband's I
can hear Scarlet up there just losing
her mind cuz normally I'm putting her to
bed, you know? So it's
>> it's just there's a lot more layers to
it for us. And I think that plays into
it a little bit more, you know, because
we have to be a little more like
strategic with our time.
>> It's more about life. It's more about
not just reselling. I'm I'm trying to
like this stuff,
>> but also like reselling and how and
lifestyle reselling the reselling
lifestyle.
>> 100%. Yeah, cuz it's for the guys. It's
you guys can kind of like my husband, I
expect him to go out and do the physical
stuff and get the, you know, like it's
just a little, it's easier for you guys.
Espec, you know, it just is. It
naturally is. For women, it's a little
more. It's not that we can't do it, but
if we have kids, it's it's a lot harder.
It's a lot harder. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
But I would like to see that. I think
that would be something that would be
very beneficial for you guys is to have
some some women on here that
>> Yeah. that have that have a large
following. You small following too like
me. Thank you. But but you know I think
chicks I like seeing that because I
don't see it very often.
>> We like seeing chicks too. We do. And
like you're
>> you're the second chick. No. Well, if
you include our wives. Um
>> Oh, so you had the wives on here. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But but just like as far as like
traditional guests, you're the second
chick and we want more and that is
definitely uh
>> we've early on we were like okay we need
to have female uh guest female guests
because yeah
>> it is a uh in the reseller space um
probably does not accurately depict what
the uh the gender split that you were
talking about like if it's mostly
females reselling. I would say like
especially the big channels, it's not
mostly unless maybe I'm not seeing them,
which is possible.
>> Yeah,
>> maybe there's more female channels than
I know that that's
>> there's a lot that have been popping up.
I don't know if they've been around for
a long time, but I've been seeing a lot,
but most of them are like, "Oh, go
thrift with me or like this is what
sold." It's very basic stuff. It's not
like
>> like the big ones like how they're like
going to the bins or they're going to a
state sale. It's just they're a little
bit different, but there are a lot of
them. There's cuz like my algorithm is
trying to feed them to me. So, it's I
see them. Yeah. Mhm. But my husband's
channel would never see them because he
sees like you guys like that's
>> it's Yeah.
>> Interesting. Makes sense for the
algorithm. Yeah.
>> I have a question. I have a question for
you because we get this question too and
it sounds like you have probably even a
better source source than we have and we
have a few like how would you recommend
that somebody watching this that's like
okay I want a good a source a a
consistent steady source
>> to buy high quality stuff to resell that
I at a level I can make money on.
>> What is your best advice to me to do
that because it sounds like y'all done
that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We we've done it and we plan
on doing it with more people. Um and we
have a couple other things lined up to
do the exact same thing we're currently
doing with multiple sources. So it's to
me it's this is the hard part about it I
think is you got to talk to people like
it's humans human need humans like we
just we work well together and we if
we're all solving each other's problems
so
>> I solve a problem for this person and
then vice versa and that's kind of how
we create these relationships or you
just end up being friends with somebody
blah blah blah but I think just going
out there and just saying what you do. A
lot of resellers don't they like hide
behind it like like doing like their
comps like this at a garage sale like no
no no like tell people go to estate
sales talk to the people at the end of
the thing you know be like hey what are
you doing with all your stuff if you go
you know just like tell everyone you
know go to local community events or
like networking things and talk about
what you do make Facebook posts just
literally broadcast it out there but be
a likable human being you know don't be
someone that speaks negative of other
people or you know like just how would
you want people to talk about you talk
about them that way and I don't know
it's it's I I don't know I guess I'm
really good with people and my husband
is too. We're very likable human beings
so um I'm not like tooting my own horn.
It's just that's we draw people in and
it's it's a very big bonus.
>> Be a likable human being
>> kind of and talk
>> Yeah. Be a likable human being and talk
to people and put yourself out there and
get uncomfortable. You have to It's not
comfortable. It's not. And like it's
like picking up like I still I I I hate
answering a phone. Like I don't like
making calls. I don't like answering
phones. It like gives me an anxiety
attack. I don't know. I still do it. But
like that same thing happens like if you
want to like let's say a lot of people
want to do like you go to a thrift
store, you know, and like be a person
that's a connection there or estate
sales or whatever. You got to have the
conversation. You have to ask them. If
you don't if you don't, it's always a
no. There's but there's there's the yes
in there somewhere, you know. And I
learned that in the car world. There's a
yes somewhere. You just got to find it,
you know.
>> It's true. That's great advice. Really
good advice.
>> And and even if um even if you do get
told like But here's the thing. As a
reseller, the questions we're normally
asking, we don't even get told no that
often.
>> Like,
>> no, we don't. like like especially like
at garage sales uh whenever I'm making
like I call it negotiating
but nine times out of 10 when I make an
offer on something they just say yeah
okay that's that's the extent like you
get told yes yes yes car world you're
probably like 90% no or something right
>> yeah 100% and I think I' I've learned uh
how to take a no without letting it
emotionally hurt me at a very young age
because I started selling cars when I
was
So, it was, you know, I I've heard no
more than I've heard yes in my life.
That's for sure.
>> But, yeah, you just got to you just got
to ask because if it's crazy the amount
of things and doors that'll open for you
if you just ask people and you just have
conversations and don't, you know, put
people on pedestals, you know, I got to
talk to the owner. Like, it's just a
dude. It's just a dude with a job or,
you know, like you need to solve a
problem for someone. If you can find out
how to solve someone's problem, you will
go so far in life. It's it's
exceptional. Doors will open that you
don't even know or even a door. It look
like a wall, you know.
>> And I think I think in general people
like people like to help people. People
like to it makes most people feel good
when they help people. So
>> I I think a lot of our a lot of us our
pride kind of prevents us from asking
for things when we should be
>> because you know what? like it would
like if Ryan asked me to do something
for him,
>> I would love that. Even if it was a bit
of bother to it, you know, like I would
love I would love that he felt
comfortable enough to ask me to do that
thing for him and that he saw value in
me doing it
>> even if it was a bit of a pain in the
ass or something, right? Like it would
still like
>> Your door just opened up, Ryan. I know.
>> Now you can ask for whatever you want. I
got to think of something that Lonnie
can do for me.
>> But like the flag like you were talking
about the flag the flag and you went out
of your way and you know so much so that
you cared about that about helping that
you didn't settle for the basic thing.
You took the time and the energy and you
found the proper thing. It's right
>> that's is that's a very simple way of
laying it out.
>> You know what? You're right because we
look we had a fantastic day of sourcing
that day. But you know what? The most
the most memorable thing that happened
that day, even though we bought
probably, you know, 1,500 $2,000 worth
of profit of stuff. Yeah. Right. And had
a blast doing it and we ate some kind of
great lunch somewhere. I can't even
remember what it was.
>> Can't even remember.
>> But I remember Ryan asking me to find
him a flag and me finding Ryan a flag.
>> The flag that he was looking for. Yeah.
>> Right. Hey,
>> that shows you right there what what
really matters, you know,
>> like like maybe we should maybe we
should uh I'm I'm trying to learn
something from that Cassandra because
because you you're like just ask that
apply that goes that works both ways
like
>> like I think we don't ask because we
don't want to be a burden on others
>> even though like most people how many
times have y'all asked somebody a random
stranger for help with something Right.
>> Hey.
>> Oh, you say never, Ryan.
>> No,
>> you are a self-sufficient guy. But I
have like like I ask like if I don't
have a jack and I need to change a tire
or I need directions to somewhere and
then like as soon as they realize some
people like most people,
>> they realize, hey, I have something of
value to give to this person and they're
asking me for it and I can help them.
They light up.
>> Yeah. They're they light up at the
prospect of being able to help you.
>> Yeah, 100%. It's human nature. People
need people.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> We've definitely lost that the last, you
know, years.
>> Not only do people need people, but I
think people need to feel like people
need them.
>> Yeah, that's huge. That's that's that's
deep, Lonnie. because
like because like I think I think I may
have heard Elon Musk say something like
this maybe I might be attributing it to
the wrong person
>> but like our goal as human beings um
it's probably somebody else
>> um and it's really really really simple.
It's like we should try to be useful to
one another to one another
>> is to just just be useful to your fellow
man. You find purpose through that doing
that as well
>> like as an individual.
>> So,
>> wow. This was some great This was some
great life advice here at the end.
Absolutely.
>> Yeah. You brought that out of you
brought that out of us here.
>> This was a fun show. This was really
fun. We We did a lot of a lot of great
things here.
>> A lot of layers. A lot of layers to
this.
>> I'm I'm really excited for you because I
think I think you're gonna I think
you're going to do big things in this
space. I think you're going to be the
the next big star. A thank you.
>> Okay. Yeah, you get so you get to like
call it out when it happened. You're
like, I knew it. I was I went to I went
see her live when she was in a little
venue, you know?
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Now she's not even cool anymore.
She's sold out. You know,
>> once I get that like mattress commercial
on my show and I get to sponsor Monarch.
You know what I'm saying? Free mattress.
>> Once you get to 5,000 to 5K, we're done
with you. We don't care.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I don't matter anymore.
Once you're bigger than me, you're a
loser, you know.
>> No, but thank you for uh for coming on.
We really appreciate it. Um
>> I appreciate you guys asking me. Truly,
>> it's a lot of fun. So,
>> yeah, it's really good. We're all
friends now. See?
>> Yeah. It's fun. And um everyone, I want
everyone to go uh check out Cassandra.
Her link links to her uh YouTube channel
are right down below. Ryan would have
put it there.
>> I'll put it down there. I'll put your
Facebook as well so you can go follow
her everywhere.
>> Yeah. Get me monetized, guys. I need
some money.
>> Yeah. Right on.
>> I want a mansion.
>> All right, guys. Thanks for watching.
>> See you next. Bye.